		       +-----------------------+
                       | K   O R G A N I Z E R |
                       +-----------------------+

                            version pre2.1

                 http://devel-home.kde.org/~korganiz

THIS IS A DEVElOPMENT VERSION. SOME NOTES:

KOrganizer now requires that you have libical 0.20
(http://softwarestudio.org/libical) installed. This will change in the future,
but for now it's necessary to support the iCalendar format.

QUICK NOTES ON WHAT'S NEW IN THIS RELEASE:

* Official 2.0 release (October 2000)

  - No more bugs to fix (sigh, I'm dreaming)

* Beta-Release 1.94 (September 2000)

  - Even more bug fixes

* Beta-Release 1.93 (August 2000)

  - More bug fixes

* Beta-Release 1.92 (July 2000)

  - A couple of bug fixes

* Beta-Release 1.91 (June 2000)

  - Full integration in KDE 2 framework
  - Improved Todo-View (hierarchical todos, drag and drop, ...)
  - Web Page Export
  - Improved Agenda View (colored events, parallel events, ...)
  - Many, many other improvements and bug fixes

* Official 1.0 release (February 1999)

INTRODUCTION:

KOrganizer aims to be a complete program for organizing your
appointments, contacts, projects, etc.  It is in the same spirit as
similar programs like the now ubiquitous Microsoft Outlook, Starfish
Internet Sidekick, Time & Chaos, etc. (all for the Microsoft Windows
platform, of course.)  Best of all, It reads and writes the vCalendar
file format NATIVELY (please see http://www.imc.org/pdi for more
information), which is now an industry-wide personal data interchange
format.  Because of this, you should be able to move from other modern
PIMs to KOrganizer with relative ease.  Current users of the popular
program ical should definitely take a look at KOrganizer and compare
features.

KOrganizer also offers full synchronization with your Palm Pilot, if you
have kpilot installed.

To install KOrganizer, please read the file INSTALL.  The process is
analogous to other KDE applications.

Documentation is available online from the Help->Contents menu option.
While it is not complete and has not been updated in several months,
it is at least partially helpful.  Anyone wishing to help on completing
or enhancing the documentation should contact me directly at the email
address given at the end of this document.

BUGS:

Bugs can be reported to the KDE bug tracking system (http://bugs.kde.org).
There you can also get information about the status of older bugs.
KOrganizer, as most other KDE 2 programs, offers a menu item "Report Bug"
in the Help menu for convenient reporting of bugs or feature requests.

NEWS and TODO:

Have a look at the KOrganizer homepage (http://korganizer.kde.org).
There you find news and a todo list for future KOrganizer development (of
course generated with KOrganizer itself).

CONTACT INFORMATION:

We want your suggestions and comments! 

Please mail them to the maintainer of KOrganizer:

Cornelius Schumacher (schumacher@kde.org)

I always welcome contributions and new members for the team.
