:
: Australian holiday file. Copy to ~/.holiday
:
: Author: Peter Turnbull (peter@cbr.atr.com.au)
:
: Note that some standard holidays vary widely depending on which state you
: are in.  It is recommended that you either remove the weekend keyword from
: the states that aren't applicable to you, or just remove them.
:
: TODO: correct the holidays as noted below. I'm not sure how to do that.

: If Christmas or Boxing Day fall on a weekend then the holidays are
: moved to the following Monday and Tuesday.

small "Christmas" weekend on december 25
small "Boxing Day" weekend on december 26

: If new years day falls on a weekend then the Monday is a holiday.
small "New Year's Day" weekend on january 1

small "Australia Day" on january 26

small "Anzac Day" on april 25
small "Easter Sunday" weekend on easter
small "Good Friday" weekend on easter minus 2
small "Easter Monday" weekend on easter plus 1

: About the 2nd weekend in June.  The holiday is always a Monday.
small "Queen's Birthday" weekend on second monday in june
small "Melbourne Cup" weekend on first tuesday in november

: Labour day for ACT, NSW, SA
small "Labour Day" weekend on first monday in october

: Specific holidays for the ACT 
small "Canberra Day" weekend on march 21
small "ACT - Bank holiday" weekend on first monday in august

: Specific holidays for Victoria
small "VIC - Labour Day" weekend on second monday in march

: Show day is always a Thursday.  I think the last in Spetember but not sure.
small "Melbourne Show Day" weekend on september 22

: Specific holidays for SA
small "Adelaide Cup Day" weekend on may 16
small "SA - Proclamation Day" weekend on december 28

: Specific holidays for Tasmania
small "TAS - Eight Hours Day" weekend on march 7
small "TAS - Bank Holiday" weekend on april 5
small "TAS - Recreation Day" weekend on november 7
 
: Specific holidays for WA
small "WA - Labour Day" weekend on first monday in march
small "WA - Foundation Day" weekend first monday in june
small "WA - Queen's Birthday" weekend on september 26

: Specific holidays for NT
small "NT - May Day" on weekend first monday in may
small "Alice Springs Show Day" weekend on first friday in july
small "Tennant Creek Show Day" weekend on second friday in july
small "Katherine Show Day" weekend on third friday in july
small "Darwin Show Day" weekend on last friday in july
small "NT - Picnic Day" weekend on first monday in august

: Specific holidays for QLD
small "QLD - Labour Day"  weekend on first monday in may
